Introduction
The objective of this project is to use machine learning to gain insight on physical biomarkers present in the brain of patients diagnosed with major depressive disorder
(MDD) and other similar psychiartic disorders. Our inclusion criteria is as follows: subject must have been diagnosed with MDD and/or other psychiatric disorders by a 
medical professional and must be having a current mental episode OR in the past 6 months. 

The current research in this field is plentiful, but very few have used machine learning on imaging data in order to generate patterns. We believe that machine learning
is especially useful in this field because it allows for the standardization, comparison, and subsequent analysis of datasets that come from different metrics/studies. 
Succesful completion of this project would allow us to provide physicians and researchers with possible predictive measures for the development of MDD and similar disorders.
This would allow physicians to mark certain individuals as "high-risk" for physiomental health issues and can provide preventative care to the patient.

Methods
The dataset type used will be numerical data taken from the Department of Psychiatry of Boramae Medical Center. The nature of the sets is processed EEGs signals from 
individuals with psychiatric disorders. The entire data sheet contains EEG results from 945 subjects, which will be more than enough to run machine learning algorithms on. 
Each table from the dataset has 400 features. The targets will be discrete, as we hope to use these targets to determine specific biomarkers of psychiatric disorders.
Since the data was already standardized by the researchers (quality MRI studies will use a standardized template on which to "map" the brain of the subject onto), 
standardization should not be an issue. We will attempt to perform dimensionality reduction via a covariance filter. 
We currently plan on mainly using K-means clustering (unsupervised) to analyze the data and potential patterns that may emerge. We will also employ linear regression
(supervised) in order to draw relationships between variables and draw predictions based on said relationships.

Results - Updated

We have employed a "trial and error" approach to our selection of datasets. While we started out with a focus on fMRI data, we quickly found that fMRI/MRI 
datasets are hard to come by. Most datasets do not deal directly with major depressive disorder (MDD), and the ones that do are unusable for a variety of 
reasons, ranging from lack of data to a lack of normalization between brain scans/brain regions. Additionlly, we found it exceedingly difficult
and out of scope to attempt to write a machine learning algorithm that utilizes computer vision to analyze brain scans.
After we had this revelation, we decided to shift our focus to numeral MRI datasets. With this dataset, we ran into a different set of issues. Namely, 
normalization appeared to be an issue again - comparing MRI data from different studies and different brain regions would run the risk of faulty or 
inconclusive results, due to inconsistent metrics of data collection, ranging from MRI machine tonnage to individual differences in brain structure. 

We finally ended up looking at an EEG dataset. EEG data is usually easier to work with than MRI data, as EEG data is less visual and more numerical. 
Additionally, the brain waves recorded from EEG 

